Hello everyone.
In this section, we'll be showing
you how to use the ADB Protocol.
So, before we dive into the screen,
let's go over the commands.
>> So, I guess the most used command or
most important command is,
the ADB devices command.
And, that's just to make sure that
you're actually getting connection for
your ABD to your computer.
And next wwe have the command ADB shell
which essentially allows you create
a terminal session in your Android
device through your computer's terminal.
The next two are ADB root and
ADB remount and
they kinda go hand in hand with
ADB root which essentially gives
you administrative access
to your Android phone.
Next, the ADB remount essentially
remounts your file system to make it,
not only readable, but
also read and writeable.
So, you can actually do changes
to the Android device itself.
>> And next we have the commands
ADB push and ADB pull.
Now, these commands also go hand ADB push,
as it may sound or
suggest, it's you would send a file
from your host PC to the device.
And ADB pull will pull a file
from your device to your host.
>> Kinda sounds very similar to how get
works with the push and pull commands.
>> Coincidence?
>> Right?
>> [LAUGH]
>> All right, and
the last one is the ADB
kill server command,
which essentially stops the ADB
server on your computer.
And it's very useful for clearing out
any devices that you had connected that
are no longer there but are appearing.
Or just for refreshing.
>> To restart the server, yeah.
>> It's always a good idea to refresh.
>> And so, let's not go to the screen,
ad let's test a few of these commands out.
>> Sounds good to me.
>> First, you have to make
sure that your dragon board or
your device is connected to your PC.
So we're gonna go ahead and do that.
>> So again,
make sure you have your OTG in and
make sure you have the USB
in at the other end.
>> So currently,
we are in the same directory as our ADV.
So for us, since it's connected,
what we first wanna do is we wanna see
if my computer is detecting the device, so
we'll do .adv devices and
if your ADB is not or
the server's not starting, then it will do
so, and as you can see here, there is this
device that's being recognized, and
that's without a doubt, the dragon board.
Next we can create a terminal session,
do ./addshell.
And as you can see,
we're now inside the Android device.
And we essentially created
a terminal session there.
>> Can you go ahead and
list the contents of that?
>> Let's go ahead and list the contents.
>> Wow,
that seems to be like a UNIX-based shell.
So essentially anything
that you know about Unix or
Linux can basically transfer
over to this Android device.
>> So we're gonna go ahead and
clear the file and exit out.
And to exit out of the shell
you just simply do [CROSSTALK].
And now if we want to run ADB as
a root user we simply do ./abd root.
And now it's going to
restart the ADB as root.
>> Can you go ahead and
go into your shell?
>> Sure.
>> Just as I expected,
before when you were in the shell
you were prompted with dollar signs.
Now, you're being prompted by hashes,
which is usually in Linux.
It's very indicative in Linux environments
that you're now running as a root user or
administrator.
>> Yeah, and you can also see that
one above here, it says shell, and
below it says root.
So, pretty straightforward.
Right.
We can exit out.
And we can do the ADB mount as well.
[NOISE] And, what that would just do is,
essentially remount the Dragon
board onto the ADB.
Right?
>> Yes, and now we can actually
push files if we want to.
Mm-hm.
So, yeah.
>> We don't have any file that
we want to push, but if we did,
we essentially do /adbpush.
And the destination.
>> And the source?
>> Yeah the source file and
then the destination.
And then if we wanted to pull
it would be something similar.
>> Same thing,
ADB pull source, destination.
>> Then lastly we have the kill server.
If we want to stop the connection
between the dragon board and
the host we can just do that.
>> And also it's really good for
killing resources on your computer so
it doesn't suck them dry.
>> So here we just kill the server and
if you want to test to see whether it's
killed you can run that update db again.
ADB devices, and you'll see,
it'll start up again.
So we've just successfully
demonstrated a few commands
that I think would be useful for
you when you're using ADB.
>> Without a doubt.
>> And so in the next section, we'll
show you how to do this, but wirelessly.
>> Oh.
>> We'll see you then.